User Invite Token TTL (#22986)
directus/directus: .changeset/wet-lemons-heal.md

---

> '@directus/env': minor
> 'docs': minor
> '@directus/api': minor

Reviewer: Let's only mark it as minor for `@directus/api`, `@directus/env` is implied
```suggestion
'@directus/api': minor
'@directus/env': patch
```

---

> Added support for the USER_INVITE_TOKEN_TTL environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced the `USER_INVITE_TOKEN_TTL` option, allowing to configure the expiration of user invitations
```
